good morning today it is the 24th of
November and so it is so nearly
Christmas and we are getting a Christmas
tree today so I thought that I would
vlog I am actually doing vlogmas this
year however because I'm getting my
Christmas tree this weekend I thought
that I would just flog today you say
that you could see because I vlogged
ever every year pretty much I got my
Christmas tree lots of anyways upload
we're about to head over and I woke up
really late today because we stayed up
to about one last night then I was
reading this morning as well yeah just
I'm not planning on doing work this
weekend I just want to really enjoy this
weekend and make it really Christmassy
[Music]
I feel like it's a bit bare at the front
that one or the tarts gather fast was my
wedding dress they will say go for the
first when you fall in love with the
Martha hello Christmas enthusiasts
ha and I agree that's a nice one new
[Music]
stab into Christmas step into Christmas
Oh what about that one oh that's - its
Bavarian it's bear around here though
which isn't a good place to be bear so
we're not sure which one to go for you
want to find the perfect Christmas tree
vork is not tall not too spindly not to
bear chested yeah I'm not sure
bad Chester there's a prophecy of a
Christmas tree that's actually such a
nice - yeah let's get this one got it
[Music]
okay so we're just walking to go and
choose a tree for the lounge yeah these
are the trees are still growing
but we're gonna choose a tree that we
like and then we're going to get this
one on the 15th one time finishes look
at all those chickens
hello I am lover of Ruby Granger and and
waffle and my father this is Ruby's vlog
isn't it but obviously it's not
forgetting the beautiful Martha over
there and the lovely robe a oh that
one's pretty nice I've never seen a
Christmas tree like that
Christmas tree foam
[Music]
ha
okay so we're back now and we can't find
the Christmas tree style which is really
annoying because it means that we won't
put the Christmas tree up properly and
since I'm not black until the 15th now I
may be able to decorate it which makes
me so sad this is the tree we decided to
get and this room is so nice and toasty
because fires that sorry most Ubud left
last night this is our tree and I really
want to put it up over that see Martha
still got all of this stuff from school
what she needs to hurt something and
where because then we have moved the
desks I'm thinking and moved the desks
here then we put the Christmas tree
there but ultimately we could just put
the Christmas tree that but I just don't
know if it would look as good so my
friend father is coming over in a bit so
I am going to make some vegan brownies
because they're really easy to make and
not that I've made them before so maybe
they're not that easy to make but I kind
of wanted to make up pumpkin pie but I
just don't think that's gonna work
because we don't have any pie crust
pumpkin crumble but again we didn't have
any vegan butter which you do kind of
need for grumbled so here are the
brownies which I've just made they do
look really good but they're quite
bitter because I didn't add any sugar
well I added banana which I could use as
an egg sugar and oil substitute so
healthy substitute sorry I completely
forgot to sign off the vlog but it's
currently Sunday evening now and I'm
about to leave to go back to University
I just wanted to say thank you so much
for watching this video I hope that you
enjoyed it and I hope that you have a
productive and festive week